{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red199\green200\blue201;\red26\green28\blue31;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c81961\c82353\c82745;\cssrgb\c13333\c14510\c16078;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww27940\viewh6040\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \cb3 \{row id\} => ["possible symptom 1", "possible sympton 2", "etc\'94]\
\
1.	\{Fungal Infection\} => [\'93itching\'94, \'93skin_rash\'94, \'94nodal_skin_eruptions\'94, \'93dischromic_patches\'94]\
\
2.	\{Allergy\} => [\'93continuous_sneezing\'94, \'93shivering\'94, \'93chills\'94, \'93watering_from_eyes\'94]\
\
3.	\{GERD\} => [\'93stomach_pain\'94, \'93acidity\'94, \'93ulcers_on_tongue\'94, \'93vomiting\'94, \'93cough\'94, \'93chest_pain\'94, \
\
4.	\{Chronic cholestasis\} => [\'93itching\'94, \'93vomiting\'94, \'93yellowish_skin\'94, \'93nausea\'94, \'93loss_of_appetite\'94, \'93abdominal_pain\'94, \'93yellowing_of_eyes\'94]\
\
5.	\{Drug Reaction\} => [\'93itching\'94, \'93skin_rash\'94, \'93stomach_pain\'94, \'93burining_micturition\'94, \'93spotting_urination\'94]\
\
6.	\{Peptic ulcer disease\} => [\'93vomiting\'94, \'93indigestion\'94, \'93loss_of_appetite\'94, \'93abdominal_pain\'94, \'93passage_of_gases\'94, \'93internal_itching\'94]\
\
7.	\{AIDS\} => [\'93muscle_wasting\'94, \'93patches_in_throat\'94, \'93high_fever\'94, \'93extra_marital_contacts\'94]\
\
8.	\{Diabetes\} => [\'93fatigue\'94, \'93weight_loss\'94, \'93restlessness\'94, \'93lethargy\'94, \'93irregular_sugar_level\'94, \'93blurred_and_distorted_vision\'94, \'93obesity\'94, \'93excessive_hunger\'94, \'93increased_appetite\'94, \'93polyuria\'94]\
\
9.	\{Gastroenteritis\} => [\'93vomiting\'94, \'93sunken_eyes\'94, \'93dehydration\'94, \'93diarrhoea\'94]\
\
10.	\{Bronchial Asthma\} => [\'93fatigue\'94, \'93cough\'94, \'93high_fever\'94, \'93breathlessness\'94, \'93family_history\'94, \'93mucoid_sputum\'94, \
\
11.	\{Hypertension\} => [\'93headache\'94, \'93chest_pain\'94, \'93dizziness\'94, \'93loss_of_balance\'94, \'93lack_of_concentration\'94]\
\
12.	\{Migraine\} => [\'93acidity\'94, \'93indigestion\'94, \'93headache\'94, \'93blurred_and_distorted_vision\'94, \'93excessive_hunger\'94, \'93stiff_neck\'94, \'93depression\'94, \'93irritability\'94, \'93visual_disturbances\'94]\
\
13.	\{Cervical spondylosis\} => [\'93back_pain\'94, \'93weakness_in_limbs\'94, \'93neck_pain\'94, \'93dizziness\'94, \'93loss_of_balance\'94]\
\
14.	\{Paralysis (brain hemorrhage) => [\'93vomiting\'94, \'93headache\'94, \'93weakness_of_one_body_side\'94, \'93altered_sensorium\'94]\
\
15.	\{Jaundice\} => [\'93itching\'94, \'93vomiting\'94, \'93fatigue\'94, \'93weight_loss\'94, \'93high_fever\'94, \'93yellowish_skin\'94, \'93dark_urine\'94, \'93abdominal_pain\'94]\
\
16.	\{Malaria\} => [\'93chills\'94, \'93vomiting\'94, \'93high_fever\'94, \'93sweating\'94, \'93headache\'94, \'93nausea\'94, \'93diarrhoea\'94, \'93muscle_pain\'94]\
\
17.	\{Chicken pox\} => [\'93itching\'94, \'93skin_rash\'94, \'93fatigue\'94, \'93lethargy\'94, \'93high_fever\'94, \'93headache\'94, \'93loss_of_appetite\'94, \'93mild_fever\'94, \'93swelled_lymph_nodes\'94, \'93malaise\'94, \'93red_spots_over_body\'94]\
\
18.	\{Dengue\} => [\'93skin_rash\'94, \'93chills\'94, \'93joint_pain\'94, \'93vomiting\'94, \'93fatigue\'94, \'93high_fever\'94, \'93headache\'94, \'93nausea\'94, \'93loss_of_appetite\'94, \'93pain_behind_the_eyes\'94, \'93back_pain\'94, \'93malaise\'94, \'93muscle_pain\'94, \'93red_spots_over_body\'94]\
\
19.	\{Typhoid\} => [\'93chills\'94, \'93vomiting\'94, \'93fatigue\'94, \'93high_fever\'94, \'93headache\'94, \'93nausea\'94, \'93constipation\'94, \'93abdominal_pain\'94, \'93diarrhoea\'94, \'93toxic_look_(typhos)\'94, \'93belly_pain\'94]\
\
20.	\{hepatitis A\} => [\'93joint_pain\'94, \'93vomiting\'94, \'93yellowish_skin\'94, \'93dark_urine\'94, \'93nausea\'94, \'93loss_of_appetite\'94, \'93abdominal_pain\'94, \'93diarrhoea\'94, \'93mild_fever\'94, \'93yellowing_of_eyes\'94, \'93muscle_main\'94]\
\
21.	\{Hepatitis B\} => [\'93itching\'94, \'93fatigue\'94, \'93lethargy\'94, \'93yellowish_skin\'94, \'93dark_urine\'94, \'93loss_of_appetite\'94, \'93abdominal_pain\'94, \'93yellow_urine\'94, \'93yellowing_of_eyes\'94, \'93malaise\'94, \'93receiving_blood_transfusion\'94, \'93receiving_unsterile_injections\'94]\
\
22.	\{Hepatitis C\} => [\'93fatigue\'94, \'93yellowish_skin\'94, \'93nausea\'94, \'93loss_of_appetite\'94, \'93yellowing_of_eyes\'94, \'93family_history\'94]\
\
23.	\{Hepatitis D\} => [\'93joint_pain\'94, \'93vomiting\'94, \'93fatigue\'94, \'93yellowish_skin\'94, \'93dark_urine\'94, \'93nausea\'94, \'93loss_of_appetite\'94, \'93abdominal_pain\'94, \'93yellowing_of_eyes\'94]\
\
24.	\{Hepatitis E\} => [\'93joint_pain\'94, \'93vomiting\'94, \'93fatigue\'94, \'93high_fever\'94, \'93yellowish_skin\'94, \'93dark_urine, \'93nausea\'94, \'93loss_of_appetite\'94,\'94abdominal_pain\'94, \'93yellowing_of_eyes\'94, \'93accute_liver_failure\'94,\'94coma\'94, \'93stomach_bleeding\'94]\
\
25.	\{Alcoholic hepatitis\} => [\'93vomiting\'94, \'93yellowish_skin\'94, \'93abdominal_pain\'94, \'93swelling_of_stomach\'94, \'93distention_of_abdomen\'94, \'93history_of_alcohol_consumption\'94, \'93fluid_overload\'94]\
\
26.	\{Tuberculosis\} => [\'93chills\'94, \'93vomiting\'94, \'93fatigue\'94, \'93weight_loss\'94, \'93cough\'94, \'93high_fever\'94, \'93breathlessness\'94, \'93sweating\'94, \'93loss_of_appetite\'94, \'93mild_fever\'94, \'93yellowing_of_eyes\'94, \'93swelled_lymph_nodes\'94, \'93malaise\'94, \'93phlegm\'94, \'93chest_pain\'94, \'93blood_in_sputum\'94]\
\
27.	\{Common Cold\} => [\'93continuous_sneezing\'94, \'93chills\'94, \'93fatigue\'94, \'93cough\'94, \'93high_fever\'94, \'93headache\'94, \'93swelled_lymph_nodes\'94, \'93malaise\'94, \'93phlegm\'94, \'93throat_irritation\'94, \'93redness_of_eyes\'94, \'93sinus_pressure\'94, \'93runny_nose\'94, \'93congestion\'94, \'93chest_pain\'94, \'93loss_of_smell\'94, 	\'93muscle_pain\'94]\
\
28.	\{Pneumonia\} => [\'93chills\'94, \'93fatigue\'94, \'93cough\'94, \'93high_fever\'94, \'93breathlessness\'94, \'93sweating\'94, \'93malaise\'94, \'93phlegm\'94, \'93chest_pain\'94, \'93fast_heart_rate\'94, \'93rusty_sputum\'94]\
\
29.	\{Dimorphic hemmorhoids(piles)\} => [\'93constipation\'94, \'93pain_during_bowel_movements\'94, \'93pain_in_anal_region\'94, \'93bloody_stool\'94, \'93irritation_in_anus\'94]\
\
30.	\{Heart attack\} => [\'93vomiting\'94, \'93breathlessness\'94, \'93sweating\'94, \'93chest_pain\'94]\
\
31.	\{Varicose veins\} => [\'93fatigue\'94, \'93cramps\'94, \'93bruising\'94, \'93obesity\'94, \'93swollen_legs\'94, \'93swollen_blood_vessels\'94, \'93prominent_veins_on_calf\'94]\
\
32.	\{Hypothyroidism\} => [\'93fatigue\'94, \'93weight_gain\'94, \'93cold_hands_and_feets\'94, \'93mood_swings\'94, \'93lethargy\'94, \'93dizziness\'94, \'93puffy_face_and_eyes\'94, \'93enlarged_thyroid\'94, \'93brittle_nails\'94, \'93swollen_extremeties\'94, \'93depression\'94, \'93irritability\'94, \'93abnormal_menstration\'94]\
\
33.	\{Hyperthyroidism] => [\'93fatigue\'94, \'93mood_swings\'94, \'93weight_loss\'94, \'93restlessness\'94, \'93sweating\'94, \'93diarrhoea\'94, \'93fast_heart_rate\'94, \'93excessive_hunger\'94, \'93muscle_weakness\'94, \'93irritability\'94, \'93abnormal_menstration\'94]\
\
34.	\
\'93\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
}